PRIVACY POLICY

Dear Player,
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the ‘HOUSIE MASTER’ app and related services.        
 
This SERVICE is provided by ‘Housie Master' and is intended for use as is.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.   
By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.         

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible in the ‘Housie Master’ app, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Interpretation and Definitions 

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.         

Definitions      

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Account :
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

Application 
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Housie Master

Company :
Referred to as either "the Company", ‘We’, ‘Us’ or ‘Our’ in this Agreement, refers to ‘Tani Digitals’

Country :
refers to India

Device 
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

Personal Data :
Refers to any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Service
refers to the Application

Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). 

You 
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.  

Information Collection and Use 
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:  
• Name 
• Phone number           
• Usage Data     

The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. 


Information Collected while Using the Application  
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:      

 Information from your Device's phone book (contacts list)

We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service.
The information is not uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server

You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.  

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

List of third party service providers used by the app 

• Google Play Services        
• Google Analytics for Firebase     
• Firebase Crashlytics   
• One Signal      
Cookies    
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.   

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.     

Service Providers      
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:   
• To facilitate our Service   
• To provide the Service on our behalf
• To perform Service-related services or    
• To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.   

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.    

Security     
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.         

Links to Other Sites          

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.  

Children’s Privacy       
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or a guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy    

At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here at the same link by which you are accessing this privacy policy.     

This policy will be effective as of 01 August 2021

last updated : 14 May 2021

Contact Us       
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, contact us at tanidigitals30@gmail.com
