'Housie Master' is a product by 'Tani Digitals' and by downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you. You should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. 

You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions and indulge in activities including but not limited to reverse-engineering, cloning or using scripts that attempts to alter some or all of the intended behaviour of the app and its services. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to 'Housie Master' and their respective third-party owners.   

'Housie Master’, is committed to ensure that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. 
We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

'Housie Master' 
does not take any responsibility for the legal consequences associated with the use of the service, and urges you to seek independent legal advice ensuring compliance with all rules applicable for the usage of the service in your respective country/state. By using the app or any of its services, you agree that you are above the age of 21 and not residing in the state of Assam, Odhisa and Telengana.

‘Housie Master' can in no way be found liable for any direct or indirect damage/loss suffered by individual/company due to the use of this service.

The ‘Housie Master’ app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide our Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone             vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the Housie Master app won’t work properly or at all.

‘Housie Master’ uses your Google Account to sign-in, authenticate and to identify you, with all the data related to your game account. As such, you are sole responsible to secure your Google account and we are in no way liable to provide you with our services linked to your account in case of loss of your sign-in account.

'Housie Master' is also not responsible for any lossed incurred, in case the Withdraw process fails due to wrong Bank Account Details provided by the user.
The app does use third party services that declare their own Terms and Conditions.

List of third party service providers used by the app 

• Google Play Services  
• AdMob
• Google Analytics for Firebase 
• Firebase Crashlytics  
• One Signal  

You should be aware that there are certain things that 'Housie Master' will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but 'Housie Master' cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.  

If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data             charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.      

Along the same lines, 'Housie Master' cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, 'Housie Master' cannot accept responsibility.   

With respect to 'Housie Master' responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. 'Housie Master' accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.   

Though, we take utmost importance in maintaining data integrity & safety, and our database is secured by Google security infrastructures, we request the end-users to keep regular backups of their data like ticket records of their ’Tournaments’, in PDF or any other formats, provided in the app, in-order to workaround any such unlikely though possible events, including but not limited to data-loss, data-theft or illegal database-modification by unfair means. Also, we don’t take responsibility for any kind of losses incurred directly or indirectly by the use of the App, or its services.


At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android – the requirements for system (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. 'Housie Master' does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android             version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, 

(a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end.

(b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.  

We take cheating and related activities very seriously, and if any user detected by the system as involved in such activities,  'Housie Master' has the full right to stop providing the user , some or all of the services provided by Housie Master for any indefinite period.  

Changes to This Terms and Conditions    

We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. We may also remove some or all of its features like 'Withdraw System' in the future if so mandated by law. But rest assured any such changes will be notified well before time and users will be given ample time to get any relevant refunds. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new             Terms and Conditions on this page. 

Important :     

‘This game involves an element of financial risk and may be addictive. Please play responsibly and at your own risk.’
Also, the intended purpose of this game is to be played and enjoyed with your friends and families. Mass organisation of Housie games, using this app or any of its services is not recommended, and we are in no way reponsible for any losses incurred through such usage. Also the users are requested to get any relevant permissions from the legal authorities of their respective jurisdiction, before organising any kind of Housie and related games.

These Terms & Conditions will be effective as of 01 August 2021

last updated : 14 May 2021

Contact Us      
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us at admin@housiemaster.com.
